[Music]
hi
hello welcome back to another video i
hope you're having a really nice day so
far
in today's video i'm going to be doing a
vegan
why in a day this is the first time i've
ever done
this style video and has been super
requested um so i'm just going to share
some tasty vegan recipes with you and
just take you along throughout my day
just finished up a glutes and low body
session
um i always train fasted in the morning
i just find that sleeping best i just
have some like
pre-workout this morning it was a
pre-work and a coffee
kind of morning like my alarm went off
at six and
i did actually get back into bed and i
was laying there like with my eyes
closed i reset an alarm for seven
and i was thinking do i just sneeze till
seven um but i got up
about ten past six and i just felt
painful today but i'm so happy i did
like i just
i knew i'd feel better as well just for
getting up but i went to bed super late
last night i was watching
a misguided documentary thingamabob
which is really good so
i'm just gonna start making some
breakfast in a second i'm gonna hop in
the shower
first things first it was a very sweaty
workout this morning
i haven't done much of like a physique
day recently
but this is what we are currently
working
with at the moment i've just worn this
gym shark set
[Music]
this is kind of like the area where i do
my workout
i hit press off this like i'm so glad i
got this
chair this year it's just the perfect
like height to hit the stint off and
then i just put my jumper
on there so i don't make it sweaty and
stuff like that i've just been taking
some
pictures of this huge tripod and
my camera um which is just
it took me so long like i had it on a
timer and then it
kept going blurring things i'm gonna do
a little bit of foam rolling
just on my upper and lower back
[Music]
so just hopped out of the shower and i'm
just gonna start making some
breakfast legitimately had like protein
oats
for 90 of my
breakfast every single morning for maybe
over six months now this is a
rarity that i'm mixing it up i'm going
to start with
kind of like a smoothie bowl um with
lots of like added toppings
i just obviously had to go through my
protein cupboard and i don't actually
have any
vegan protein so i'm not going to add
that in i think i'm just going to get
some like protein from
other kind of sauces it's literally the
first time i've ever done
a full day of eating vegan i've tried
the odd vegan meal
here and there but never like a full day
so
that is the plan for the smoothie bowl
i'm going to use
some oats some coconut milk i've got
this um
in an unsweetened version i just thought
it might be a little bit different like
in a smoothie bowl
and obviously you could use like any
milk plant-based milk that you have in
and then this huge bag of berries it's
got a mixture of strawberries and then
like dark fruits and things like that
from asda and it comes in a big
1kg bag and lasts absolutely ages
some chia seeds i need to get some more
of these actually
how quick i've gone through them some
nut butter this is my favorite at the
moment it's by peppernut and just the
crunchy peanut butter
one whole banana you could also use like
frozen banana
for kind of like a thicker consistency
so i'm going to start by
fishing out 80 grams of strawberries the
strawberries in this mix as well are so
big
they're not like them itsy bitsy ones 80
grams of strawberries
then 40 grams of smaller sort of mixed
berries
40 grams of oats
whole banana she's quite a small dish
isn't it
140 grams of coconut milk
a teaspoon of chia seeds a teaspoon
of peanut butter
i'm just gonna pop some toppings and
stuff on top
so i just tried a little bit out of the
actual blender and it does taste a
little bit different because it hasn't
got the sweetener from
the protein and i know of course you can
get a vegan protein so i do think that
makes a good difference but
it is nice it's a slightly different
consistency and it's a little more kind
of fruity
than usual i think stuff like this
it really makes a difference when you
add toppings i have officially
ran out of chocolate in my house which
is not
my favorite thing
it's like the ideal consistency
don't think oats are just the most
versatile thing like i just love that
you can add them to absolutely
everything
and i never thought i would hear the day
that um
a smoothie would taste nice like without
protein so
yeah that is definitely something oh i
don't think i've actually mentioned i'm
obviously i'm not vegan i'm literally
just trying it for
the day that is all it is lunch time
i'm really enjoying my lunches at the
moment um i'm gonna make
i don't know i've just had a picture i'm
gonna make some like vietnamese kind of
style
vegan noodles i'm going to make like
some
courgette kind of noodles the last time
i made these
made them into noodles but i think i
overcooked them so i'm just going to
basically heat them up in a pan rather
than
like overcook them if you know me
because they just kind of ended up a bit
soggy and they don't really need cooking
you can
eat them raw but i think they taste a
bit nicer like a little bit cooked
i'm just going to show you what i'm
going to use to make the sauce
and the rest of the sugar
for the soy sauce i'm just going to use
this light soy sauce i picked this up
yesterday and as i've run out of my
amino one
very lazy chopped red chillies just a
little
um a little bit of that some chopped
garlic some
lime as well so that's pretty much it
for
the sauce i'm using these medium whole
wheat noodles
i'm gonna obviously make like courgette
kind of noodles
i think in america call it a zucchini
noodles and i'm going to slice up
some carrot a bell pepper walnuts on
the top just for something a little bit
extra and probably some
avocado in there somewhere so i'm just
going to use this little
peeler to make the actual like noodle
things but if you've got like a
spiralizer
even better i literally
use a tiny bit of fry light
[Music]
so
yeah there's a shaved carrot the
courgette the noodles
the bell green bell pepper the avocado
and then i've just put the sauce and
some
nuts on top as well
this was really so quick and easy like
to put together it doesn't take long at
all obviously i guess because you're not
like
cooking any meat as such it's just like
the noodles which take
two minutes it's like quite high volume
as well like with all the toppings and
stuff
oh my god this smells so good
oh my god this is so
good i don't quite know how i'm going to
eat noodles and candy sauce of this
is so nice i'm going to remake this for
sure this time i've added like my red
chili
little chopped things from the fridge
they've been in there for flipping ages
i've just not used them before
just because i don't like too much spice
but this is a really nice like happy
not too spicy but it's just really
tasteful
when i was planning to do this video i
was thinking like i'm going to use that
in terms of like
a neat kind of replacement because i'm
not really a big fan of tofu but i know
there's like loads of
different ways i guess you could cook it
didn't really fancy have today
so definitely good choice opt in for
more like chickpeas and beans and things
like that
chickpeas specifically they're so rich
in vitamins and
fiber i'm gonna do a curry kind of dish
with the chickpeas and you'll see what i
mean like
um you can make it really creamy but the
last time i made that like i did use
chicken hopefully it'll turn out
just as nice as the last time i made it
i think i've mentioned
in loads of my videos but i changed my
skincare probably
back in july time i came across a lumia
it's called
which is like a medical grade skincare
this isn't sponsored or anything you
could just go back to some of my older
videos like from six months ago
can see such a difference and i've
honestly tried so many different brands
and this is
the first time in my whole existence
that like i've managed to be able to
stick
with one skincare brand that like works
long term rather than you know like
sometimes you try brands and
they work for a few weeks and then the
spots i think your skin gets used to
them quite quick but i think because
this stuff is a bit stronger
um it just seems to suit my skin i'm
thinking actually i want to do
some christmas like gift guides or
something on my channel
and let me know if you want them to be
like completely kind of like fitness
related for him or for her
or just like general or like lifestyle
i've got some eye
rescue pads active gel pads i believe
these are like a goldy kind of color
so i might actually have like a pamper
night at some point this week so it's
just like a home hydration kit
so it's coming packed with these that's
a little brush that's a very bougie
brush isn't it look at it it's like a
little fan brush
and then a pump from getting these two
things so i've got the aqua infusion
mask oil-free hydrating facial mask
and then the bright and clear solution
which is a brightening
facial solution i've been using the
lumiere lotus scrub
once a week that has was like got rid of
a lot of my
acne scarring i don't get as many like
pimples on my cheeks as i used to
like i still had quite a lot of like red
scars like underneath my makeup
and this is probably the first time in
life where i've really stuck to a
skincare routine just because it's
actually flipping work
on a completely other note i might be
the only grown woman that still drinks
her coffee out of a straw and that is
for one reason and one more reason
only which is just like to protect my
teeth if you are ever wondering
okay this might not be the most
appealing snack but
i didn't get anything like anything sort
of like a vegan snack so
this is what we're going with just some
banana dates and some peanut butter
next is dinner and i'm gonna go for
a chickpea peanut butter like
curry kind of thing made this before
with meat so
i might just add in a few like extras
and
spices and stuff like that and see how
it goes
you're just gonna need a tin of
chickpeas some
coconut milk she's in this reduced fat
one some
tomato puree a vegetable
stock cube peanut butter and for the
seasonings i'm using some crushed chili
some ground coriander some cayenne
pepper garlic granule some
lazy garlic a red onion some lime
and i'm just using my coconut oil spray
spices
[Music]
i've just drained my chickpeas
just added all right the spices and
ingredients to
the chickpea curry and then i'm just
going to leave it on a high heat for
like six to seven minutes
until it sort of thickens and stuff like
that
wow this is so nice and creamy
[Music]
you definitely get like two maybe three
kind of portions
and i really like it with the fluffy
jasmine rice
really nice i very nearly forgot to
finish this vlog
hence the face mask and
you know if he's here everyone's here
we'd like to see any more like vegan or
any more videos like this just let me
know in
the comments and i'll see you guys in
the next video